a girl who weighed more than 150
kilograms confessed her love to a
handsome guy but she was denied
after that she had plastic surgery and
became a pop star
the transformation changed her whole
entire life she is hannah a super chubby
and clumsy girl
she bowed to thanks after she watched
the fortune telling unexpectedly
that she spilled red ink on the
psychic's face she hurriedly wiped it
away but the more she wiped the redder
it became
she could not help but laugh when she
picked up she accidentally broke the
statue on the table
the boss cried inside he was extremely
angry
hannah's part-time job is to provide
telephone service to lonely people
an orthopedic doctor is a fan of her
every day he talked to her for a long
time
her main job is being a singer she has a
wonderful voice
but because of her chubby appearance she
can only sing from behind the stage
all credits belong to the lip sync
singer on stage ami
ami doesn't sing that well hannah has a
crush on her manager for a long time
he is sang jun while she felt extremely
excited with the legs that looked so
sick
immediately returned and settled
everything hannah adjusted the state and
continued singing
the problem resolved saying joon knows
that ami only lip syncs
only hannah is talented so when she
appeared he immediately patted her
this makes hannah think he likes her too
her best friend advised her to stop
dreaming
that would not happen she was once
determined to lose weight by taking
pills but just on the first day
she fainted the three male doctors were
unable to lift her
she had to crawl into the hospital bed
by herself from that day she realized
that weight loss and love were two
things she did not dare to think about
but hannah's feelings for june are
enormous she even brings home the water
bottle that he held to collect
she took his sweater to sleep with every
time june approached her
her heartbeat gone wild june took her
home he invited her to a birthday party
this makes hannah happy she was given a
red dress when she put it on
her best friend was stressed she shook
her head and said nothing
hannah looks like a chubby red worm at
the birthday party
hannah sat next to saint june nothing
would have happened if she hadn't taken
off her coat and made everyone dizzy
sang jun smokes a cigarette to calm down
it turned out that ami gave her the
dress
ami deliberately embarrassed hannah when
the two of them were wearing the same
dress
she wanted to regain sang-jun's feelings
it was not good for two girls to
confront each other like that
sang-joon told ami that she did not need
to oppose hannah with that ugly look
she cannot be successful and that he
didn't like her he was just using henna
ami was touched hannah sits in the
bathroom and hears everything
hannah cried painfully when she got home
she opened the gas cylinder
she wanted to commit suicide right then
the orthopedic doctor called her
he was feeling lonely so he wanted to
hear her voice hannah immediately went
to find him
she threatened him that if he didn't
give her free surgery she would give the
recording to his wife
the doctor was powerless he could only
operate on her immediately
the surgery will take one year she freed
the dog she threw all the food
she went to the hospital and started
surgery manager sang june is extremely
impatient
so
june walking forward she immediately put
her hat on her head
she left
she bought an used car her smile was
very beautiful
it looks like spring flowers
unfortunately
he forced her to paint the area
his heart was racing he immediately
changed his attitude
the police came the police also said it
was his uncle's fault
hannah's beauty drives them crazy but
when he looked at her identity card
he was shocked her best friend who went
to the police station to find her didn't
recognize hannah either
she mistakenly recognized the woman in
the flower shirt as hannah
it wasn't until she saw the double
tattoo that she knew the beauty in front
of her is hannah
who disappeared a year ago hannah can't
forget sang joon
with the encouragement of her best
friend she went to apply to become a
singer
even though her appearance has
completely changed that outstanding
voice is still the same
but no one recognized hannah hannah has
a wonderful voice and a confident face
not long after hannah officially debuted
hannah's performance is not good
june tells her to follow the fat girl
sang jun said that the fat girl
is very interesting hannah is very
touched tears almost fell in her eyes
it turns out that after hannah's
disappearance sang-jun realizes that
there are countless beautiful people but
very few interesting ones
she was about to confess to jun again
but her best friend advised her to be
cautious
to men girls who have had surgery are
monsters men are like that
they said the surgery is okay but in
their hearts they all despise orthopedic
girls
hannah did not dare to confess her
feelings to june once
hannah saw that her dog was adopted by
june she felt extremely familiar
so she hugged it in her arms she was
almost exposed
seeing that ami without singing talent
is practicing very hard
my dad always thought that only god
could do everything he wanted
hannah said there are things you cannot
do why are you still trying
this statement by hannah made ami
realize that the beautiful hannah in
front of her was the fat girl before
towards the show hannah received a phone
call from the hospital
her best friend committed suicide
because she was heartbroken turns out
her boyfriend said she was fat and broke
up with her
hannah had met that bastard in the
elevator she grabbed his hair
if sang june doesn't show up the other
guy will almost get beaten up
the show started sangjun encouraged
hannah hannah suddenly felt her feelings
she has a magical energy source a high
note was heard
in a moment the whole stage was noisy
after hannah joined the company
[Music]
the next day was her solo performance
news of her having plastic surgery
spread
the boss was extremely angry that he
threw water
he asked to cancel the contract he made
her take nude photos to make up for the
company losses sang was serious
he angrily smashed the glass of water in
front of his boss june encouraged her
but when she saw her father cheer she
was moved she said it all
she admits she used to be an ugly girl
she got plastic surgery
she had forgotten her friends and family
and had forgotten how she looked before
this is not the outcome she wanted sang
jun played the video she sang before
the shipper who admired the girl cried
loudly many viewers also felt
sympathetic
changing an ugly girl is not easy
everyone forgave her
hannah embraces her father the boss's
son set off fireworks
the show ends hannah uses her true
identity to become a star
the movie was about a fat girl who wants
to love she can only get plastic surgery
when looks and talent can't co-exist
which one would you choose